Who are you? Who let you in?
I am the eldest lady
This is the person who wrote it for you
Madame gave him 5 million as a reward
Yes, yes, yes, I made 5 million out of thin air
So I came here specially to visit the eldest lady
by the way
This is very important.
I want cookies for everyone to see
Then tell me
You go out first
Miss Wei
You saw this before.
Zhou Liangren Nuoxueqin
Confirm blood relationship
Brother Xueqin, I am actually your father
Who gave you the courage?
Falsify this test report
Get out of here!
How is this not fake?
Did you hear?
I won't expose this
Don't worry, you can continue to be your daughter
What do you want?
You go on to enjoy your wealth
Just every now and then
Just give your dad some pocket money
OK, no problem.
But you are not allowed to disclose this to anyone.
Oops, don't worry.
You say it's not good for me if I expose you.
Isn't it, hahaha?
Hey, hey, that's right.
Do you know
Who exposed this little fish head to the outside world?
Who uh
500,000 you
OK, I'll transfer it to you now.
The secretary is Lin Nian Nian
Gee, I didn't think of it either.
You said divorce?
He actually gave birth to me. You said Lin Nian had two daughters
And you still
He actually coincidentally became the daughter of the Nuo family
You say oops
What did you just say?
You say my mother is a soul
That lowly servant soul is my mother